Hi, my name is Ben Burkholder, and I'm
a solutions engineer over at Alteryx.
I have a background in
satellite remote sensing,
where I use classification to assign
pixels to various land cover types.
Now imagine how powerful it'd be to
able to predict how likely a customer is
to renew their contract.
Whether a customer is
going to default on a loan.
Or which product a perspective
customer is going to buy.
Classification models allow
you to make those predictions.
In this course,
you will learn how to answer these
types of questions using these models.
You'll also learn how to create and
compare models in order to determine
which model to use for your prediction.
Now let's go ahead and get started.